From then on, you have become an industrialist
Add the slightest connection
Ye Wuji, I think you want to die
Ye Wuji
I see you are impatient
Ye Wuji, you are so bold
A second-rate dancer
How dare you speak to Saintess Lin like this?
Quickly kneel down and apologize to Saintess Lin
Otherwise, you will be expelled from the sect immediately
Deserted to the lowest five slaves
He's got a backbone.
Dare to pay for my heart
You still shouldn't
But
Wuji has no strength
Call me and you will pay the price
I won't kill you today.
Just because of killing an empty ant
Really ineffective
You've wasted enough time here.
Qiuhua, let's go.
Lin Xinyue
That's what it says
I advise you a word
Thirty Years Handong
Thirty Years Hexi
Don't bully young people
Ok, I'll wait for you.
Within thirty years
If you have the ability, come to Yunxiao Sect to find me
At that time, if you can defeat me Lin Xiyue in this life and this life
Give you only your only product
Not 30 years
The humiliation I suffered in my business today
I must personally step on the Cloud Sect
Get it all back